Subject: PyCon 2013: Talk acceptance - {title}

Dear {speaker},

I'm very pleased to tell you that your talk has been accepted for
PyCon 2013 - congratulations! Please check that the details below are
correct, and read through this email for your next steps.

  Title: {title}
  URL: {public_url}

We'll be announcing the list of accepted talks immediately, so if
you can no longer give this talk, please contact me right away so I
can find a replacement. If you need to make changes to your title or
abstract, please contact me.

We haven't yet completed the schedule, so we don't yet know whether
you've been allocated a 30 or a 45 minute time slot. We'll be
announcing the schedule shortly after the New Year, so please stay
tuned.

If you have particular scheduling requirements (if you plan to come to
PyCon late or leave early, for example), please let me know as soon as
possible so that I can take your requirements into account.

You should register for the conference at
https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/ as soon as possible; early-
bird (discounted) registration ends once 1,000 tickets have been
sold, and I understand we're reaching that limit quickly. Please don't
delay in picking up your tickets!

Unlike many conferences, PyCon doesn't give free tickets to speakers,
nor do we cover travel expenses. We do this because PyCon is a
grassroots, community-organized conference and our core mission is to
keep costs low. Thus, we ask everybody who can afford to pay to do so.
However, we recognize that buying tickets and paying for travel can
represent a financial hardship to some, and we really want to see you
at PyCon! So, if you can't afford a ticket and/or travel expenses,
please apply for financial aid.

More information about financial aid can be found at
https://us.pycon.org/2013/assistance/. If you're applying, make sure
to mention that you're an accepted speaker.  Please contact Peter
Kropf (pkropf@gmail.com) if you've got any questions.

If you need assistance with visas or immigration documents, please
contact Rami Chowdhury (rami.chowdhury@gmail.com).

If you have any other questions, comments, or feedback, please feel
free to contact me (jacob@jacobian.org), my co-chair, Luke Sneeringer
(luke@sneeringer.com), or the conference chair, Jesse Noller
(jnoller@python.org).

On behalf of the PyCon staff, I want to thank you for your submission.
We're really looking forward to seeing you at the conference: PyCon 2013
promises to be the best PyCon yet, and that's because of our amazing
speakers. We're thrilled that you're one of them.

See you in Santa Clara!

Jacob Kaplan-Moss
Program Chair, PyCon 2013
jacob@jacobian.org
